README.md, before:

We want to target platforms with varied GLIBC versions.

    OS             Family PKG GLIBC Dependency                  
    -------------- ------ --- ----- ----------------------------
    centos:6       redhat RPM  2.12 glibc-2.12-1.212.el6.x86_64 
    centos:7       redhat RPM  2.17 glibc-2.17-317.el7.x86_64   
    debian:11      debian DEB  2.31 libc6=2.31-13+deb11u5       
    debian:12      debian DEB  2.36 libc6=2.36-9                
    fedora:37      redhat RPM  2.36 glibc-2.36-9.fc37.x86_64    
    fedora:38      redhat RPM  2.37 glibc-2.37-4.fc38.x86_64    
    rockylinux:8   redhat RPM  2.28 glibc-2.28-211.el8.x86_64   
    rockylinux:9   redhat RPM  2.34 glibc-2.34-60.el9.x86_64    
    ubuntu:kinetic debian DEB  2.36 libc6=2.36-0ubuntu4         
    ubuntu:lunar   debian DEB  2.37 libc6=2.37-0ubuntu2         

We could use https://github.com/wheybags/glibc_version_header 
to link to lowest-common denominator GLIBC symbols. But, 
glibc 2.34 has a hard break where you cannot compile
with 2.34 and have it work with older glibc versions
even if you use those version headers. It will always
link `__libc_start_main@GLIBC_2.34`.

So, to target various versions of GLIBC we need to be
clever-er.

So, we sort of have a sparse matrix of GLIBC versions:
- 2.12
- 2.17
- 2.28
- 2.31
- 2.34 *** hard break `__libc_start_main@GLIBC_2.34`!
- 2.36
- 2.37

By OS/Family/Packaging: 
- RPM
- DEB
- TGZ

The idea will be to build `hello.c` for each of these
platforms and automatically build them in a matching
container. We might also want one for the host system
too, whatever that is.

What next? Musl libc and Alpine! 

References:
- https://bazel.build/extending/config
- https://github.com/duarten/rust-bazel-cross
- https://github.com/wheybags/glibc_version_header

Commit message:

use buildx to build local images the same way as GHA.

README.md, after:

Assuming you have `bazelisk` on your path as `bazel` and a recent `docker`:

    docker buildx bake
    bazel build //:hellos //:check-hellos //:tars //:check-tars //:rpms //:debs

---

We want to target platforms with varied GLIBC versions.

    OS             Family PKG GLIBC Dependency                  
    -------------- ------ --- ----- ----------------------------
    centos:6       redhat RPM  2.12 glibc-2.12-1.212.el6.x86_64 
    centos:7       redhat RPM  2.17 glibc-2.17-317.el7.x86_64   
    debian:11      debian DEB  2.31 libc6=2.31-13+deb11u5       
    debian:12      debian DEB  2.36 libc6=2.36-9                
    fedora:37      redhat RPM  2.36 glibc-2.36-9.fc37.x86_64    
    fedora:38      redhat RPM  2.37 glibc-2.37-4.fc38.x86_64    
    rockylinux:8   redhat RPM  2.28 glibc-2.28-211.el8.x86_64   
    rockylinux:9   redhat RPM  2.34 glibc-2.34-60.el9.x86_64    
    ubuntu:kinetic debian DEB  2.36 libc6=2.36-0ubuntu4         
    ubuntu:lunar   debian DEB  2.37 libc6=2.37-0ubuntu2         

We could use https://github.com/wheybags/glibc_version_header 
to link to lowest-common denominator GLIBC symbols. But, 
glibc 2.34 has a hard break where you cannot compile
with 2.34 and have it work with older glibc versions
even if you use those version headers. It will always
link `__libc_start_main@GLIBC_2.34`.

So, to target various versions of GLIBC we need to be
clever-er.

So, we sort of have a sparse matrix of GLIBC versions:
- 2.12
- 2.17
- 2.28
- 2.31
- 2.34 *** hard break `__libc_start_main@GLIBC_2.34`!
- 2.36
- 2.37

By OS/Family/Packaging: 
- RPM
- DEB
- TGZ

The idea will be to build `hello.c` for each of these
platforms and automatically build them in a matching
container. We might also want one for the host system
too, whatever that is.

What next? Musl libc and Alpine! 

References:
- https://bazel.build/extending/config
- https://github.com/duarten/rust-bazel-cross
- https://github.com/wheybags/glibc_version_header
